Child 1:
<span style="color:#000000">**MASTER SERVICE AGREEMENT**</span>


Child 2:
<span style="color:#000000">THIS MASTER SERVICE AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of this 9th day of March 2018 (the “Effective Date”), by and between 360 East 88</span><span style="color:#000000">th</span><span style="color:#000000"> Street, Unit 2A, New York, NY 10128, and </span><span style="color:#000000">Genprex</span><span style="color:#000000">, Inc, a Delaware Corporation having offices at 100 Congress Avenue, Suite 2000, Austin, TX 78701 (the “Company”).</span>


Child 3:
<span style="color:#000000">WHEREAS, Consultant is in the business of assisting in the selection and coordination of investor awareness providers and services (the “Services”);</span>


Child 4:
<span style="color:#000000">NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Consultant hereby agree as follows:</span>


Child 5:
<span style="color:#000000">1.    GENERAL.</span>


Child 6:
<span style="color:#000000">a. </span><span style="color:#000000"><u>Statement of Work</u></span><span style="color:#000000">. Consultant agrees to provide Services to the Company in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. A description of the Services to be provided shall be set forth in one or more mutually agreed upon documents (each, a “Statement of Work”), each of which upon execution by Consultant and the Company shall become binding between the parties and made a part hereof. Each Statement of Work entered into by the parties in connection herewith shall be subject to, and the obligations of the parties hereunder shall be performed in accordance with, the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Each Statement of Work shall (</span><span style="color:#000000">i</span><span style="color:#000000">) supplement and form a part of this Agreement, (ii) be read and construed as one with this Agreement, and (iii) be deemed incorporated by reference herein. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and any Statement of Work, the terms of this Agreement shall govern and control unless such Statement of Work expressly indicates otherwise.</span>


Child 7:
<span style="color:#000000">b. </span><span style="color:#000000"><u>Change orders</u></span><span style="color:#000000">. The scope of the Services to be provided hereunder shall not be changed in any material respect without a mutually agreed upon change order executed by an authorized representative of each party. Unless otherwise agreed to by the parties and set forth in the change order, all additional Services set forth in a change order shall be billable as set forth in the change order.</span>


Child 8:
<span style="color:#000000">2.    PAYMENT.</span>


Child 9:
<span style="color:#000000">b. </span><span style="color:#000000"><u>Payment in Stock</u></span><span style="color:#000000">. To the extent that any Statement of Work provides for payment in Company Stock or other securities (“Stock”), the parties hereby agree as follows:</span>


Child 10:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 11:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 12:
|  | ii. | Consultant hereby agrees to be bound by the Company’s insider trading or similar policy, if any, during the Term, and for 90 days thereafter; || --- | --- | --- |


Child 13:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 14:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 15:
<span style="color:#000000">3.    TERM.</span>


Child 16:
<span style="color:#000000">The term of this Consulting Agreement (the “Term”) shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of (3) months unless terminated as provided herein. After forty-five (45) days from the Effective </span><span style="color:#000000">Date, Company may terminate this Agreement upon ten days written notice to Consultant (which may be by email). This Agreement may also be terminated when mutually agreed upon by both parties.</span>


Child 17:
<span style="color:#000000">#####  </span>


Child 18:
<span style="color:#000000">1</span>


Child 19:



Child 20:
<span style="color:#000000">4.    SERVICES.</span>


Child 21:
<span style="color:#000000">b. </span><span style="color:#000000"><u>Subcontracting</u></span><span style="color:#000000">. The Company understands that Consultant will subcontract all Services to subcontractors set forth in each Statement of Work and that the Company’s execution of a Statement of Work constitutes approval of each such subcontractor. All subcontractors will be paid by Consultant unless otherwise specifically agreed in the Statement of Work.</span>


Child 22:
<span style="color:#000000">c. </span><span style="color:#000000"><u>Company Responsibilities</u></span><span style="color:#000000">.</span>


Child 23:
<span style="color:#000000">i</span><span style="color:#000000">. In connection with Consultant’s performance of the Services specified in the Statement of Work, Company agrees to provide Consultant and/or each subcontractor, such materials as may be necessary for the Services to be performed (the “Materials”). The Company hereby represents, warrants, covenants and agrees that the Materials will be true and accurate and shall be free of any material omissions or misstatements and otherwise compliant will all applicable laws.</span>


Child 24:
<span style="color:#000000">ii. The Company shall provide disclosures in each of its Forms 10-K and 10-Q as to the existence of this Agreement and any Statement of Work, the amount paid or to be paid in connection with each Statement of Work and the types of services to be provided under each Statement of Work.</span>


Child 25:
<span style="color:#000000">iii. During the Term, the Company shall advise Consultant of any and all promotional activities with respect to its securities, prior to the commencement of such activities, including, but not limited to, press releases and engagements with other investment relations firms or other service providers providing services similar to those or the Services provided in a Statement of Work.</span>


Child 26:
<span style="color:#000000">6.    CONFIDENTIAL MATTERS.</span>


Child 27:
<span style="color:#000000">#####  </span>


Child 28:
<span style="color:#000000">2</span>


Child 29:



Child 30:
<span style="color:#000000">b. </span><span style="color:#000000"><u>Required Disclosure of Confidential Information</u></span><span style="color:#000000">. Either party may disclose Confidential Information of the other party pursuant to any governmental, judicial, or administrative order, subpoena, or discovery request, provided that the party from whom disclosure is sought uses commercially reasonable efforts to notify the other of such order, subpoena, or discovery request so that the other party may prevent such disclosure or otherwise seek to make such disclosure subject to a protective order or confidentiality agreement.</span>


Child 31:
<span style="color:#000000">c. </span><span style="color:#000000"><u>Remedy for Breach</u></span><span style="color:#000000">. Each party acknowledges and agrees that any violation of this Section 6 may cause immediate and irreparable harm, which money damages would not sufficiently remedy, and that either party shall be entitled to equitable relief, including injunction and specific performance, to prevent the breach or threatened breach of such provisions and to secure their enforcement, in addition to all other remedies available to the party at law or in equity.</span>


Child 32:
<span style="color:#000000">7. FORCE MAJEURE. Neither party shall be in default hereunder by reason of any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder where such failure or delay is due to any cause beyond its reasonable control, including, but not limited to, strikes, </span><span style="color:#000000">labor</span><span style="color:#000000"> disputes, civil disturbances, riot, rebellion, invasion, epidemic, hostilities, war, terrorist attack, embargo, natural disaster, acts of God, flood, fire, sabotage, accident, delay in transportation, fluctuations or non-availability of electrical power, heat, light, air conditioning or Company equipment, loss and destruction of property, intervention by governmental entities, change in laws, regulations or orders, other events or any other circumstances or causes beyond such party’s reasonable control (a “Force Majeure Occurrence”).</span>


Child 33:
<span style="color:#000000">8. DISCLAIMER OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Any description of the Services is given by way of indication only and shall not constitute any representation or warranty as to the quality or nature of the relevant Services or concerning their fitness for any purpose, other than as set forth in a Statement of Work. Furthermore, Company acknowledges that neither Consultant nor any person purporting to act on its behalf has made any representation or given any promise or undertaking which is not expressly set out in this Agreement or a Statement of Work. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT OR A STATEMENT OF WORK, NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY IS MADE WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY CONSULTANT HEREUNDER, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT, IF ANY, SHALL NOT APPLY TO DEFECTS OR FAILURE OF ANY DELIVERABLE DUE TO ANY OF THE FOLLOWING BY THE COMPANY OR ANY THIRD PARTY: ACCIDENT, NEGLECT OR MISUSE; UNUSUAL STRESS; OR ANY UNAUTHORIZED MODIFICATION OR ADJUSTMENT MADE TO ANY DELIVERABLE. Upon final payment by Company as provided for herein, Consultant will assign to Company any and all manufacturers’ warranties and sublicense any and all licenses provided by such third party manufacturers with respect to the Products to be delivered by Consultant hereunder, to the extent such warranties and/or licenses may be assigned or sublicensed.</span>


Child 34:
<span style="color:#000000">9.    LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE HEREUNDER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS OR DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOST PROFITS OR LOST SAVINGS) EVEN IF THE OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF THE FEES PAID FOR THE PARTICULAR SERVICES WHICH GAVE RISE TO SUCH CLAIM UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE REMEDIES PROVIDED HEREIN ARE THE PARTIES’ SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES.</span>


Child 35:
<span style="color:#000000">10.    NO PUBLICITY. Neither party hereto shall (</span><span style="color:#000000">i</span><span style="color:#000000">) issue any press release or make any other written public statement with respect to this Agreement and matters related hereto, or (ii) use the other party’s name, </span><span style="color:#000000">logo, or any abbreviation derivation thereof, for any advertising, promotions, trade display or other commercial purposes, without the prior written consent of the other party, except as required for section 4.C.2.</span>


Child 36:
<span style="color:#000000">12.    GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement and any and all other matters between the parties hereto shall be construed in accordance with, and governed by, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to the application of conflicts of law principles.</span>


Child 37:
<span style="color:#000000">#####  </span>


Child 38:
<span style="color:#000000">3</span>


Child 39:



Child 40:
<span style="color:#000000">14.     GENERAL.</span>


Child 41:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 42:
|  | a. | <u>Entire Agreement</u>. This Agreement as set forth herein, together with together with the Statement(s) of Work contemplated hereunder, represents the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any and all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, documents, negotiations, and/or discussions (whether oral or written) between the parties. The Statement(s) of Work are hereby incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement as if set forth in full herein. Any terms used in any Statement of Work but not otherwise defined therein shall be defined as set forth in this Agreement. || --- | --- | --- |


Child 43:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 44:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 45:
|  | c. | <u>No Waivers</u>. No express waiver or assent by any party hereto to any breach of or default in any term or condition of this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of or an assent to any succeeding breach of or default in the same or any other term or condition hereof. || --- | --- | --- |


Child 46:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 47:
|  | d. | <u>No Third Party Beneficiaries</u>. This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and their permitted assigns and nothing herein shall give or be construed to give to any person, other than the parties hereto and such assigns, any legal or equitable rights hereunder. || --- | --- | --- |


Child 48:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 49:
|  | e. | <u>Assignment</u>. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder may be assigned by either of the parties hereto without the prior written consent of the other party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), provided, however, that either party may assign this Agreement to an affiliate or to a successor in interest that purchases all or substantially all of such party’s stock or assets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party shall remain liable for all of their respective obligations under this Agreement. Subject to the first sentence of this Section 21(e), this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns and no other person shall have any right, obligation or benefit hereunder. Any attempted assignment or transfer in violation of this Section 14(e) shall be void. || --- | --- | --- |


Child 50:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 51:
|  | f. | <u>Severability</u>. The invalidity of any portion hereof shall not affect the validity, force or effect of the remaining portions hereof.    If it is ever held that any restriction hereunder is too broad to permit enforcement of such restriction to its fullest extent, each party agrees that a court of competent jurisdiction may enforce such restriction to the maximum extent permitted by law, and each party hereby consents and agrees that such scope may be judicially modified accordingly in any proceeding brought to enforce such restriction. || --- | --- | --- |


Child 52:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 53:
|  | g. | <u>Counterparts</u>. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall have the force and effect of an original for all purposes, but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement. This Agreement, and any modifications relating thereto, may be executed and delivered by facsimile or electronic mail. Any such facsimile or electronic mail transmission shall constitute conclusive proof of such agreement. || --- | --- | --- |


Child 54:
<span style="color:#000000">#####  </span>


Child 55:
<span style="color:#000000">4</span>


Child 56:



Child 57:
<span style="color:#000000">IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each party has read this Agreement and agrees to be bound thereby. This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date.</span>


Child 58:
<span style="color:#000000">Genprex</span><span style="color:#000000">, Inc.</span>


Child 59:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 60:
|  |  |  || --- | --- | --- || Signature: |  | /s/ RODNEY VARNER || Print Name: |  | Rodney Varner || Title: |  | CEO |


Child 61:



Child 62:
|  |  |  || --- | --- | --- ||  || WORLD WIDE HOLDINGS, LLC DBA INVICTUS RESOURCES |


Child 63:



Child 64:
|  |  |  || --- | --- | --- ||  |  || Signature: |  | /s/ JEFFREY AUERBACH || Print Name: |  | Jeffrey Auerbach || Title: |  | Managing Partner |


Child 65:
<span style="color:#000000">#####  </span>


Child 66:
<span style="color:#000000">5</span>


Child 67:



Child 68:
<span style="color:#000000"><u>**EXHIBIT A**</u></span>


Child 69:
<span style="color:#000000">WORLD WIDE HOLDINGS, LLC DBA INVICTUS RESOURCES, for GENPREX, Inc.</span>


Child 70:
<span style="color:#000000">STATEMENT OF WORK NO. 1</span>


Child 71:
<span style="color:#000000">This Statement of Work No. 1 (“Statement of Work”) is entered into as of this 9th day of March 2018 (“Statement of Work Effective Date”), by and between </span><span style="color:#000000">Genprex</span><span style="color:#000000">, Inc, a Delaware Corporation having offices at 100 Congress Avenue, Suite 2000, Austin, TX 78701(“Company”), and World Wide Holdings, LLC DBA Invictus Resources (“Consultant”), pursuant to that certain Master Services Agreement dated as of March 9th, 2018 by and between Company and Consultant (the “MSA”).</span>


Child 72:
<span style="color:#000000">The parties have entered into the Agreement for the provision of certain services and deliverables to Company. The Agreement contemplates that the parties may enter into specific Statements of Work describing in detail the services and deliverables to be provided by Consultant to Company.</span>


Child 73:
<span style="color:#000000">NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing premises, and the agreements of the parties set forth below, Company or Company Affiliate and Consultant agree as follows:</span>


Child 74:
<span style="color:#000000">1. General. This Statement of Work sets forth the agreement of the parties with respect to the services and deliverables to be provided as described herein. Except to the extent expressly set forth in this Statement of Work in respect of the Services described herein, all terms and conditions of the MSA will apply to this Statement of Work, and this Statement of Work is hereby incorporated into the MSA by reference. All capitalized terms not defined in this Statement of Work will have the meanings set forth in the MSA.</span>


Child 75:
<span style="color:#000000">2. Statement of Work Term. This Statement of Work shall become effective as of the Statement of Work Effective Date and shall expire in (3 months) after the execution of this contract unless mutually agreed upon by both parties. The term of this Consulting Agreement (the “Term”) shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of (3) months unless mutually agreed upon by both parties.</span>


Child 76:
<span style="color:#000000">3. Services. Consultant shall provide the following Services in accordance with the terms and conditions of the MSA and the framework set forth in this Statement of Work:</span>


Child 77:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 78:
|  | • |  | Advise and assist company in developing and implementing appropriate plans and materials for presenting the Company and its business plans, strategy and personnel to the financial community || --- | --- | --- | --- |


Child 79:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 80:
|  | • |  | Introduce said Company to the financial community || --- | --- | --- | --- |


Child 81:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 82:
|  | • |  | With the cooperation of the Company, maintain an awareness during the term of the agreement of the Company’s plans and strategy as it relates to the financial community || --- | --- | --- | --- |


Child 83:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 84:
|  | • |  | Assist in monthly geographically organized introductions to broker dealers, micro-cap funds and high net worth individuals to compliment the below services. || --- | --- | --- | --- |


Child 85:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 86:
|  | • |  | Introductions to call centers, bloggers, media and newsletter writers. || --- | --- | --- | --- |


Child 87:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 88:
|  | • |  | Upon receipt of the Company’s approval and in consultation with the Company, conduct meetings in person or by telephone, with prospective brokers or the investment public in combination with above marketing programs. || --- | --- | --- | --- |


Child 89:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 90:
|  | • |  | Assist company in necessary steps for financial and public relations || --- | --- | --- | --- |


Child 91:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 92:
|  | • |  | Consultant will develop a web “landing page” to be linked by online financial publishers and webpages, which will be operational by the IPO Closing date, currently estimated to be March 15, 2018. || --- | --- | --- | --- |


Child 93:
<span style="color:#000000">#####  </span>


Child 94:
<span style="color:#000000">6</span>


Child 95:



Child 96:
<span style="color:#000000">4. Approach/Organization: Consultant shall, upon receipt of the $25,000 payment described below, engage the service providers set forth above, on behalf of the Company.</span>


Child 97:
<span style="color:#000000">5. Fees: In consideration for Consultant’s provision of the services, Company shall pay to Consultant</span>


Child 98:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 99:
|  | (a) | $25,000 cash payment due on signing of this contract; || --- | --- | --- |


Child 100:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 101:
|  | (b) | $60,000 will be due within three (3) business days after closing (“IPO Closing”) and funding of the Company’s IPO under its SEC Form S-1 registration statement, Registration No. 333-219386 (“IPO”); || --- | --- | --- |


Child 102:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 103:
|  | (c) | $85,000 will be due on the thirtieth day after IPO Closing and an additional $85,000 will be due on the same day of the following month, for a total of $255,000 during the term of the Agreement. || --- | --- | --- |


Child 104:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 105:
|  | (d) | The company agrees that after closing of the IPO the Company will issue a warrant exercisable into 50,000 shares with a term of 3 years priced at 100 percent (100%) of the IPO offering price (currently planned to be $5.00 per share). The warrant will have a “cashless” exercise provision, provided that Consultant will pay to the Company all withholding taxes and other cash outlays, if any, that may become owing by the Company in connection with exercise of the warrant. Consultant acknowledges and agrees that, as described in the Registration Statement, the Company will effect a forward stock split effective upon IPO Closing and the above referenced 50,000 shares will be post-split shares. || --- | --- | --- |


Child 106:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 107:
|  | (e) | The Company will reimburse Consultant for any pre-approved travel or other expenses and the Consultant shall submit expenses to the Company monthly for reimbursement. || --- | --- | --- |


Child 108:
<span style="color:#000000">6. Consultant will pay all fees and expenses of subcontractors and will provide the Company with all information reasonably requested by the Company regarding engagement of subcontractors, including services provided, and fees and expenses charged. Company may from time to time elect to increase, reduce or eliminate specific services, with a commensurate adjustment of the Consultant’s fees stated in Section 5. The Services will be deemed accepted by the Company thirty days after Company is notified that they have been delivered or performed.</span>


Child 109:
<span style="color:#000000">7. In the event the IPO Closing does not occur within thirty (30) days from the date hereof then either party may, at its option, cancel this Statement of Work and the MSA.</span>


Child 110:
<span style="color:#000000">#####  </span>


Child 111:
<span style="color:#000000">7</span>


Child 112:



Child 113:
<span style="color:#000000">IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Statement of Work to be executed by their duly authorized representatives as of the Statement of Work Effective Date.</span>


Child 114:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 115:
|  |  |  || --- | --- | --- || GENPREX, INC. ||  |  || Signature: |  | /s/ RODNEY VARNER ||  |  || Print Name: |  | Rodney Varner ||  |  || Title: |  | CEO |


Child 116:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 117:
|  |  |  |  |  || --- | --- | --- | --- | --- || WORLD WIDE HOLDINGS, LLC DBA INVICTUS RESOURCES ||  |  || Signature: |  | /s/ JEFFREY AUERBACH ||  |  |  || Print Name: |  | Jeffrey Auerbach |  |  ||  |  |  || Title: |  | Managing Partner |  |  |


Child 118:



Child 119:



