Child 1:
<span style="color:#000000">**MASTER SERVICE AGREEMENT**</span>


Child 2:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 3:
<span style="color:#000000">This Master Service Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into by Miso Robotics, Inc. (“Miso”) and [____]. ("Customer") and consists of the terms contained herein and all Miso Order Form(s) (as defined below).</span>


Child 4:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 5:
<span style="color:#000000">BY EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT, A MISO ORDER FORM THAT REFERENCES THIS AGREEMENT, ISSUING A PURCHASE ORDER REFERENCING AN ORDER FORM, OR OTHERWISE INDICATING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND ARE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE AN INDIVIDUAL ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, (A) YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE FULL LEGAL AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY TO THIS AGREEMENT, AND (B) YOU AGREE, ON BEHALF OF SUCH ENTITY, TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE FULL LEGAL AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY OR DO NOT ACCEPT ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT EXECUTE A MISO ORDER FORM, ISSUE A PURCHASE ORDER REFERENCING THE ORDER FORM, OR OTHERWISE INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT.</span>


Child 6:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 7:
<span style="color:#000000">1. DEFINITIONS</span>


Child 8:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 9:
<span style="color:#000000">1.1. </span><span style="color:#000000">**“Authorized Use” **</span><span style="color:#000000">means use of the Product by Customer’s employees and authorized representatives at Customer’s Installation Site.</span>


Child 10:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 11:
<span style="color:#000000">1.2. </span><span style="color:#000000">**“Data” **</span><span style="color:#000000">means any information provided by Customer which is maintained, received and/or transmitted by or to Miso.</span>


Child 12:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 13:
<span style="color:#000000">1.3. </span><span style="color:#000000">**“Equipment” **</span><span style="color:#000000">may include a Flippy 2 fry station and any subsequent iteration of this product, as more specifically described in an Order Form, which is a robot on an overhead rail and may include, if ordered, a robotic arm a Kitchen Intelligence analytics software, freezer dispenser (“hopper”), a hot holding appliance for finished food, and camera computer vision system. “Equipment” shall also include any accompanying hardware provided, including but not be limited to desktop and tablet computers and accessories.</span>


Child 14:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 15:
<span style="color:#000000">1.4. “</span><span style="color:#000000">**Indirect Taxes**</span><span style="color:#000000">” means applicable taxes and duties, including, without limitation, VAT, service tax, GST, excise taxes, sales and transactions taxes, and gross receipts tax.</span>


Child 16:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 17:
<span style="color:#000000">1.5. </span><span style="color:#000000">**“Installation Site” **</span><span style="color:#000000">means the location identified in the Order Form as the site of installation and use of the Product.</span>


Child 18:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 19:
<span style="color:#000000">1.6. “</span><span style="color:#000000">**Losses**</span><span style="color:#000000">” means any claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees.</span>


Child 20:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 21:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 22:
<span style="color:#000000">1.8. </span><span style="color:#000000">**“Order Form” **</span><span style="color:#000000">means the ordering document attached hereto as Exhibit A-1prepared by either party and confirmed by the other party by execution by both parties. The parties agree that the Order Form may be signed electronically by either party and shared with the other party by email.</span>


Child 23:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 24:
<span style="color:#000000">1.9. </span><span style="color:#000000">**“Product” **</span><span style="color:#000000">means the product provided to Customer for the Authorized Use, including the Equipment and any Software but excluding Third-Party Products, if any.</span>


Child 25:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 26:
<span style="color:#000000">1.10. </span><span style="color:#000000">**“Service Level Agreement” (“SLA”) **</span><span style="color:#000000">means the agreement that defines the level of service to be provided by Miso to Customer as provided in Exhibit B.</span>


Child 27:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 28:
<span style="color:#000000">1.11. </span><span style="color:#000000">**“Software” **</span><span style="color:#000000">means the software that accompanies or is made available in connection with the Equipment, including without limitation firmware incorporated in any Equipment.</span>


Child 29:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 30:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 31:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 32:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 33:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 34:
<span style="color:#000000">2. ORDERS, FEES AND PAYMENT</span>


Child 35:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 36:
<span style="color:#000000">2.1. </span><span style="color:#000000">**Fees. **</span><span style="color:#000000">The parties agree that the charges to Customer for Equipment as set forth in Exhibit A (“Fees”) will not be increased by Miso during the Term. Further, Miso agrees that the Fees payable by Customer for a Product </span><span style="color:#000000">shall be no less </span><span style="color:#000000">favorable</span><span style="color:#000000"> than the fees charged by Miso to any other party, taking into consideration volumes and delivery terms but excluding beta, seeding, and demonstration units. In the event Miso offers a third party more </span><span style="color:#000000">favorable</span><span style="color:#000000"> pricing for a Product, Miso shall notify Customer and Customer may accept such </span><span style="color:#000000">favorable</span><span style="color:#000000"> pricing for purposes of all orders going forward.</span>


Child 37:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 38:
<span style="color:#000000">2.2. </span><span style="color:#000000">**Orders.**</span>


Child 39:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 40:
<span style="color:#000000">2.2.1. </span><span style="color:#000000">**Orders. **</span><span style="color:#000000">From time to time during the Term, the parties may agree to include additional Installation Sites and/or Products under the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The parties shall enter into an Order Form (generally in the form of Exhibit A or as otherwise described in the definition of “Order Form”) in respect of each such Installation Site and Product, and each such Order Form shall be incorporated into this Agreement by reference.</span>


Child 41:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 42:
<span style="color:#000000">2.2.2. </span><span style="color:#000000">**Order Commitment. **</span><span style="color:#000000">Customer agrees to license and deploy a minimum of one hundred (100) Products during the Term of this Agreement at Installation Sites and on dates as selected by Customer and specified in each Order Form.</span>


Child 43:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 44:
<span style="color:#000000">2.2.3. </span><span style="color:#000000">**Submission and Acceptance of Orders**</span><span style="color:#000000">. All Order Forms are subject to acceptance in writing by Miso. However, Miso may also accept an Order Form by delivering the Product or commencing to perform Services specified in the Order Form. When Miso accepts an Order Form, Miso shall promptly notify Customer in writing of Miso's estimated shipping, delivery and installation dates or service commencement dates applicable to the order. Shipping and delivery dates are estimates only.</span>


Child 45:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 46:
<span style="color:#000000">2.3. </span><span style="color:#000000">**Location Census. **</span><span style="color:#000000">As part of the ordering process, Customer must complete the Location Census form provided in an electronic link, which contains location specification information, including information related to the Installation Site. Such data is used to configure, ship, and install the Product. Customer is responsible for providing correct information; if any incorrect information is provided, the configuration, delivery and/or installation of the Product may be delayed and Customer may incur additional costs.</span>


Child 47:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 48:
<span style="color:#000000">2.4. </span><span style="color:#000000">**Cancellations and Changes**</span><span style="color:#000000">. Any change, modification or cancellation of any Order Form for Products or Services requested by Customer after acceptance by Miso may result in an additional charge to Customer; provided that Miso must provide advance written notice of any such additional charge. Customer is responsible for any reasonable additional costs incurred by Miso due to a change in the system configuration prior to installation of the Product.</span>


Child 49:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 50:
<span style="color:#000000">2.5. </span><span style="color:#000000">**Payment**</span><span style="color:#000000">. Customer’s right to use the Product is subject to Customer’s timely payment of the One-time fees and Monthly Recurring Charges specified in the applicable Order Form. At the beginning of each billing period, Miso will issue an invoice to Customer for Monthly Recurring Charges due pursuant to each Order Form as well as any other fees then due. Payment shall be made by check or ACH/direct debit. Customer authorizes Miso to charge Customer’s payment method for all amounts due under this Agreement in accordance with the terms set forth herein. All Monthly Recurring Charges will be paid to Miso without setoff or counterclaim and are non-refundable.</span>


Child 51:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 52:
<span style="color:#000000">2.6. </span><span style="color:#000000">**Taxes. **</span><span style="color:#000000">Each party will be responsible, as required under applicable law, for identifying and paying all taxes and other governmental fees and charges (and any penalties, interest, and other additions thereto) that are imposed on that party upon or with respect to the transactions and payments under this Agreement. All Fees payable by Customer are exclusive of Indirect Taxes. Miso may charge and </span><span style="color:#000000">Customer will pay applicable Indirect Taxes that Miso is legally obligated or authorized to collect from Customer. Customer will provide such information to Miso as reasonably required to determine whether Miso is obligated to collect Indirect Taxes from Customer.</span>


Child 53:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 54:
<span style="color:#000000">2.7. </span><span style="color:#000000">**Invoice Disputes & Refunds. **</span><span style="color:#000000">Customer must submit any invoice disputes prior to the payment due date. If the parties determine that certain billing inaccuracies are attributable to Miso, Miso will not issue a corrected invoice, but will instead issue a credit memo specifying the incorrect amount in the affected invoice. If the disputed invoice has not yet been paid, Miso will apply the credit memo amount to the disputed invoice and Customer will be responsible for paying the resulting net balance due on that invoice. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Customer waives all claims relating to Monthly Recurring Charges unless claimed within sixty (60) days after charged.</span>


Child 55:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 56:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 57:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 58:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 59:
<span style="color:#000000">2.8. </span><span style="color:#000000">**Delinquent Payments. **</span><span style="color:#000000">Miso may charge Customer interest at the rate of 1.5% per month (or the highest rate permitted by law, if less) on all late payments. Customer is responsible for any and all reasonable costs of collection incurred by Miso in collecting such late or past due payments, including reasonable attorney’s fees and litigation costs.</span>


Child 60:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 61:
<span style="color:#000000">3. LICENSE; OWNERSHIP</span>


Child 62:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 63:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 64:
<span style="color:#000000">3.2. </span><span style="color:#000000">**Proprietary Rights. **</span><span style="color:#000000">Customer acknowledges and agrees that Miso owns all right, title and interest in and to the Product, including all improvements, enhancements, modifications, and derivative works thereof, and all intellectual property rights thereto. Customer will not, and will not purport to, assign, grant, or transfer the Product or any interest in the Product to any individual or entity, and any such purported assignment, grant, or transfer is void. As part of the standard operation of the Product, images of food and the immediately surrounding area are recorded to improve Miso products and contribute to machine learning capabilities. Such images, as well as the learnings resulting from operation of the Product, are and shall be exclusively owned by Miso. To the extent Customer has any ownership interest in such images or learnings, </span><span style="color:#000000">Customer hereby assigns to Miso all right, title, and interest in and to such images and learnings and all intellectual property rights thereto</span><span style="color:#000000">.</span>


Child 65:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 66:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 67:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 68:
<span style="color:#000000">4. RESPONSIBILITIES</span>


Child 69:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 70:
<span style="color:#000000">4.1. </span><span style="color:#000000">**Miso. **</span><span style="color:#000000">Subject to the terms of this Agreement, including timely payment of all Fees owed, Miso shall have responsibility for the following:</span>


Child 71:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 72:
<span style="color:#000000">4.1.1. Arrange for the transportation and delivery of the Product to the Installation Site and install the Product on a mutually agreeable date.</span>


Child 73:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 74:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 75:
<span style="color:#000000">4.1.6. Monitor and measure the Product’s performance and report the data to Customer for evaluation.</span>


Child 76:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 77:
<span style="color:#000000">4.1.7. Provide support of the Product in accordance with the SLA, as well as all maintenance and service of the Product.</span>


Child 78:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 79:
<span style="color:#000000">4.1.8. Take all safety precautions related to its services in order to not proceed in a manner that jeopardizes the safety of Customer’s employees or guests and comply with all applicable laws. Any fines generated as a result of Miso’s non-compliance with a local, state, or federal safety regulation, rule, or law shall be the responsibility of Miso.</span>


Child 80:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 81:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 82:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 83:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 84:
<span style="color:#000000">4.2. </span><span style="color:#000000">**Customer. **</span><span style="color:#000000">Customer shall have responsibility for the following:</span>


Child 85:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 86:
<span style="color:#000000">4.2.1. Ensure the Installation Site has electrical power available (110V & 220V outlets), an internet connection, and an agreed-upon number of deep fryers.</span>


Child 87:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 88:
<span style="color:#000000">4.2.2. In conjunction with Miso, evaluate and determine the appropriate configuration of the Product to be installed at the Installation Site.</span>


Child 89:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 90:
<span style="color:#000000">4.2.3. Provide Miso with instructions on Customer’s food preparation, operating procedures, and physical space specifications.</span>


Child 91:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 92:
<span style="color:#000000">4.2.4. Delivery of the Product shall be made DAP (Delivered at Place, Incoterms® 2020) at the Installation Site in accordance with the delivery schedule mutually agreed upon by the parties. Customer is responsible for and shall pay all transportation fees specified in the Order Form, as well as all duty, customs clearance and other charges related to delivery to an international destination. Customer will ensure that it has all necessary rights, certifications, and licenses for the delivery, installation, maintenance, use, and removal of the Product at the Installation Site. From the time the Product is delivered to the Location Site until its return to Miso, Customer is responsible for any loss, theft, damage to, or destruction of the Product, unless caused by Miso. If Customer breaches these terms, Miso may terminate Customer’s right to use the Product and may remove the Product.</span>


Child 93:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 94:
<span style="color:#000000">4.2.5. Customer shall cooperate and have shared responsibility with Miso as reasonably necessary for the delivery of Products and performance of Services. These shared responsibilities include, but are not limited to the following: (</span><span style="color:#000000">i</span><span style="color:#000000">) providing Miso with access to all facilities, electricity, hardware, software, work space, and related support (e.g., internet access); (ii) ensuring that the premises are safe and commercially appropriate (e.g., free of any hazardous materials, installation of necessary power and climate control facilities); (iii) ensuring that Customer has obtained connection to and all necessary permissions or consents from any public or private network to which the Products are connected and any necessary permissions from government authorities and holders of real property rights; and (iv) providing Miso with designated points of contact. Customer shall be responsible for ensuring that its networks and systems are adequately secured against unauthorized intrusion or attack. All items to be provided by Customer are at Customer's expense.</span>


Child 95:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 96:
<span style="color:#000000">4.2.6. Customer will not, in whole or in part, (</span><span style="color:#000000">i</span><span style="color:#000000">) modify, alter, reverse compile, reverse engineer, or reverse assemble the Product or any portion thereof; (ii) export the Product in violation of any law or </span><span style="color:#000000">regulation; or (iii) copy, distribute, disclose, market, rent, sell or transfer the Product or any portion thereof to any third party.</span>


Child 97:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 98:
<span style="color:#000000">4.2.7. Customer will (</span><span style="color:#000000">i</span><span style="color:#000000">) keep and maintain the Product in good condition and working order, (b) not relocate the Product from the Installation Site or make alterations to the Product without Miso’s prior written approval; (ii) notify Miso promptly if the Product fails; (iii) keep the Product free and clear of any levies, liens or encumbrances; and (iv) permit changes to the Product by Miso at Miso’s expense which do not adversely affect performance or interchangeability in a material manner or are required by law or for safety/reliability purposes.</span>


Child 99:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 100:
<span style="color:#000000">4.2.8. For the Term of this Agreement, Customer shall maintain commercial general liability insurance with limits of at least $1,000,000 per occurrence and an annual aggregate of at least $2,000,000. Such insurance may not be changed or cancelled without at least thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to Miso.</span>


Child 101:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 102:
<span style="color:#000000">4.2.9. For the Term of this Agreement, Miso shall maintain (</span><span style="color:#000000">i</span><span style="color:#000000">) commercial general liability insurance with limits of at least $1,000,000 per occurrence and an annual aggregate of at least $2,000,000; (ii) employer’s liability insurance covering all employees, temporary employees and leased workers with limits of $1,000,000 per occurrence; and (iii) commercial automobile liability insurance with limits of at least $1,000,000 combined single limit for property damage and bodily injury. Such insurance may not be changed or cancelled without at least thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to Customer. Certificates of Insurance acceptable to Customer shall be submitted to Customer prior to commencement of any services at an Installation Site.</span>


Child 103:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 104:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 105:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 106:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 107:
<span style="color:#000000">5. CONFIDENTIALITY</span>


Child 108:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 109:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 110:
<span style="color:#000000">5.2. </span><span style="color:#000000">**Obligations to Protect Confidential Information**</span><span style="color:#000000">. The Receiving Party will (</span><span style="color:#000000">i</span><span style="color:#000000">) protect the confidentiality of the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party using the same degree of care that it uses to protect the confidentiality of its own confidential information of like kind, but in no event less than reasonable care, (ii) not use any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party for any purpose outside the scope of this Agreement, (iii) not disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to any third party (except those third party service providers used by Miso to provide some or all elements of the Products and Services to Customer), and (iv) limit access to Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to those of its and its affiliates’ employees, contractors and agents who have a need to know such information for purposes consistent with this Agreement and who have </span><span style="color:#000000">signed agreements with the Receiving Party containing confidentiality obligations no less restrictive than those contained herein.</span>


Child 111:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 112:
<span style="color:#000000">5.3. </span><span style="color:#000000">**Legal Requirements**</span><span style="color:#000000">. The Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party if required to do so under any federal, state or local law, statute, rule or regulation, subpoena or legal process; provided, however, that (</span><span style="color:#000000">i</span><span style="color:#000000">) the Receiving Party will provide the Disclosing Party with prompt written notice of any request that it disclose Confidential Information, sufficient to allow the Disclosing Party to object to the request and/or seek an appropriate protective order or, if such notice is prohibited by law, the Receiving Party will disclose the minimum amount of Confidential Information required to be disclosed under the applicable legal mandate; and (ii) in no event will the Receiving Party disclose Confidential Information to a party other than a government agency except under a valid order from a court having jurisdiction requiring the specific disclosure.</span>


Child 113:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 114:
<span style="color:#000000">6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES</span>


Child 115:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 116:
<span style="color:#000000">6.1. Each party represents and warrants that (</span><span style="color:#000000">i</span><span style="color:#000000">) it has full capacity, right and authority to enter into this Agreement; (ii) it is in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations related to its performance of this Agreement, and its performance of this Agreement will comply with same; and (iii) its entry into this Agreement and performance of its obligations hereunder does not breach any of its obligations to any third party, or breach any contract, agreement or order by which it is bound.</span>


Child 117:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 118:
<span style="color:#000000">7. </span><span style="color:#000000">EQUIPMENT WARRANTY</span>


Child 119:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 120:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 121:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 122:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 123:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 124:
<span style="color:#000000">7.2. </span><span style="color:#000000">**Exclusions. **</span><span style="color:#000000">Miso shall not be liable under this warranty if any damage or defect results from (</span><span style="color:#000000">i</span><span style="color:#000000">) external causes such as misuse, abuse, neglect, accident, modification, unsuitable physical or operating environment, natural disasters (including but not limited to fire, water damage, earthquake, and other acts of nature), power surges, or abnormal physical or electrical stress; (ii) any alterations or modifications of, or additions to, the Product or Equipment made by a party other than Miso; (iii) improper operation; (iv) damage caused by a non-authorized service provider or other third party; (vi) failure to provide and continually maintain adequate electrical power, air conditioning, and humidity controls as would reasonably be prudent; or (vii) refusal or failure to promptly allow installation of any replacement part made available by Miso.</span>


Child 125:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 126:
<span style="color:#000000">8. SOFTWARE DISCLAIMER</span>


Child 127:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 128:
<span style="color:#000000">EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW (A) THE PRODUCT AND THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED AND DISTRIBUTED ON AN “AS-IS” AND “AS-AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, (B) MISO AND ITS SUPPLIERS DO NOT MAKE ANY OTHER WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION (I) THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, SATISFACTORY QUALITY AND QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND (II) WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF ANY COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE, (C) MISO AND ITS SUPPLIERS ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR THE </span><span style="color:#000000">DELETION OF OR FAILURE TO STORE ANY CONTENT, DATA AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS MAINTAINED OR TRANSMITTED THROUGH USE OF THE PRODUCT, AND (D) MISO AND ITS SUPPLIERS DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE PRODUCTS OR THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, ERROR-FREE, OR FREE OF HARMFUL COMPONENTS.</span>


Child 129:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 130:
<span style="color:#000000">9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY</span>


Child 131:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 132:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 133:
<span style="color:#000000">10. INDEMNIFICATION</span>


Child 134:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 135:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 136:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 137:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 138:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 139:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 140:
<span style="color:#000000">10.3. </span><span style="color:#000000">**Process. **</span><span style="color:#000000">The obligations in this section will apply only if the party seeking </span><span style="color:#000000">defense</span><span style="color:#000000"> or indemnity (the “Indemnified Party”) (a) provides the other party (the “Indemnifying Party”) prompt written notice of the claim, (b) provides the Indemnifying Party with sole control over the </span><span style="color:#000000">defense</span><span style="color:#000000"> and settlement of the claim, and (c) reasonably cooperates with the Indemnifying Party (at the Indemnifying Party’s expense) in the </span><span style="color:#000000">defense</span><span style="color:#000000"> and settlement of the claim.</span>


Child 141:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 142:
<span style="color:#000000">11. TERM AND TERMINATION</span>


Child 143:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 144:
<span style="color:#000000">11.1. </span><span style="color:#000000">**Term of Agreement. **</span><span style="color:#000000">This Agreement shall commence as of the date this Agreement is executed by both parties and, unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, continue for a period of five (5) years (the “Initial Term”). Thereafter, the Agreement will automatically renew for successive one (1) year terms (each, a “Renewal Term”) unless either party provides written notice of non-renewal to the other party at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the then current Initial Term or Renewal Term. The Initial Term and Renewal Term(s) shall collectively be referred to herein as the “Term”.</span>


Child 145:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 146:
<span style="color:#000000">11.2.</span><span style="color:#000000">**Termination for Convenience. **</span><span style="color:#000000">Customer may terminate this Agreement for its sole convenience by providing at least one hundred and eighty (180) days’ prior written notice to Miso.</span>


Child 147:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 148:
<span style="color:#000000">11.3.</span><span style="color:#000000">**Termination for Cause. **</span><span style="color:#000000">This Agreement may be terminated by either party upon written notice, if the other party (</span><span style="color:#000000">i</span><span style="color:#000000">) breaches any material term or condition of this Agreement or an Order Form and fails to remedy the breach within thirty (30) days after being given notice thereof; (ii) becomes the subject of any voluntary or involuntary proceeding under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or state insolvency proceeding and such proceeding is not terminated within sixty (60) days of its commencement or (iii) ceases to be actively engaged in business</span>


Child 149:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 150:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 151:
<span style="color:#000000">12. MISCELLANEOUS</span>


Child 152:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 153:
<span style="color:#000000">12.1.</span><span style="color:#000000">**Notices. **</span><span style="color:#000000">Unless otherwise stated herein, any notices hereunder must be in writing and delivered to Customer at the address provided in the relevant Order and to Miso as follows: Miso Robotics, Inc., Attention: CEO, </span><span style="color:#000000">561 E Green St, Pasadena, CA 91101. Notices shall be delivered </span><span style="color:#000000">in person or via mail (as specified below) and will be deemed given upon (</span><span style="color:#000000">i</span><span style="color:#000000">) delivery if in person, or (ii) three (3) business days after mailing if by certified or registered first class postal mail, return receipt requested. Either party may change its address for receipt of notice by delivering written notice of such change pursuant to this Section.</span>


Child 154:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 155:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 156:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 157:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 158:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 159:
<span style="color:#000000">12.3.</span><span style="color:#000000">**Publicity. **</span><span style="color:#000000">Customer agrees that during the Term of this Agreement, Miso may name Customer as a user of the Product in Miso’s advertising materials and on its website and use Customer’s trademark in connection therewith. Customer further agrees to reasonably cooperate with Miso in the issuance of press releases related to Customer’s use of the Product (such releases subject to Customer’s prior consent, not to be unreasonably withheld).</span>


Child 160:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 161:
<span style="color:#000000">12.4.</span><span style="color:#000000">**Assignment**</span><span style="color:#000000">. Neither this Agreement, nor any rights or obligations hereunder, may be assigned or otherwise transferred by either party without the prior written consent of the other party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld; provided, however, this Agreement, and rights and obligations hereunder, may be assigned by Miso without consent of Customer to an affiliate or any purchaser of all or substantially all of that portion of Miso’s business or assets to which this Agreement relates. Any attempted assignment by a party in violation of this Section shall be null and void ab initio. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors, heirs, executors, administrators, estates and permitted assigns.</span>


Child 162:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 163:
<span style="color:#000000">12.5.</span><span style="color:#000000">**Non-Solicitation. **</span><span style="color:#000000">To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Customer agrees that during the Term of this Agreement and continuing for a period of one year </span><span style="color:#000000">following any termination or expiration, Customer will not, directly or indirectly, whether for Customer’s own account or for the account of any third party, solicit, entice, persuade, induce or otherwise attempt to influence any </span><span style="color:#000000">employees or contractors of Miso to terminate their relationship with Miso. The placement of general advertisements not targeted toward employees or contractors of Miso shall not be deemed to be a breach of this Section.</span>


Child 164:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 165:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 166:
<span style="color:#000000">12.7.</span><span style="color:#000000">**Waiver. **</span><span style="color:#000000">Failure by either party to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of future enforcement of that or any other provision of this Agreement.</span>


Child 167:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 168:
<span style="color:#000000">12.8.</span><span style="color:#000000">**Governing Law; Jurisdiction**</span><span style="color:#000000">. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the state of Delaware law without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. Any claim, dispute or disagreement arising out of or in connection with this Agreement may be brought only in the state or federal courts located in Delaware County, Delaware, which courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction thereof, and each party hereby waives any claim that such courts do not have jurisdiction or are an inconvenient forum.</span>


Child 169:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 170:
<span style="color:#000000">12.9.</span><span style="color:#000000">**Injunctive Relief**</span><span style="color:#000000">. The parties acknowledge and agree that an actual or threatened breach may result in immediate, irreparable and continuing damage for which there may be no adequate remedy at law, and the non-breaching party may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for equitable relief (including, without limitation, specific performance or injunctive relief) without the need for posting of any bond or any other surety or security.</span>


Child 171:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 172:
<span style="color:#000000">12.10.</span><span style="color:#000000">**Prevailing Party**</span><span style="color:#000000">. In the event an action or suit is brought by a party under this Agreement to enforce any of its terms, or in any appeal therefrom, it is agreed that the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its legal costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, as permissible under the law.</span>


Child 173:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 174:
<span style="color:#000000">12.11.</span><span style="color:#000000">**Headings. **</span><span style="color:#000000">The headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of the terms of this Agreement or the Order Form(s). This Agreement shall be interpreted as having been drafted together by each of the parties and duly reviewed by each party with the assistance of its respective legal counsel</span>


Child 175:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 176:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 177:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 178:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 179:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 180:
<span style="color:#000000">**IN WITNESS WHEREOF**</span><span style="color:#000000">, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representatives.</span>


Child 181:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 182:
<span style="color:#000000">Exhibit A – Order Form #1</span>


Child 183:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 184:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 185:
| PRICING | One-time
(Per Product Unit) | Monthly
Recurring
Charges || --- | --- | --- || Configuration, machine training food items, menu programming and customization. |  |  || Shipping and Installation |  |  || Flippy 2 |  |  || Dispenser/Freezer |  |  || **Total** |  |  |


Child 186:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 187:
<span style="color:#000000">Flippy 2 includes the following:</span>


Child 188:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 189:
<span style="color:#000000">- Overhead rail structure</span>


Child 190:
<span style="color:#000000">- Robotic arm</span>


Child 191:
<span style="color:#000000">- </span><span style="color:#000000">CookRight</span><span style="color:#000000"> Fryer Vision system</span>


Child 192:
<span style="color:#000000">- Tablet and Chef-UI, kitchen analytics software</span>


Child 193:
<span style="color:#000000">- Flippy Control unit</span>


Child 194:
<span style="color:#000000">- Miso Safety system</span>


Child 195:
<span style="color:#000000">- </span><span style="color:#000000">Autobin</span><span style="color:#000000"> system</span>


Child 196:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 197:
<span style="color:#000000">WARRANTY, MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT</span>


Child 198:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 199:
<span style="color:#000000">Miso will provide unlimited technical support and staff training. Miso will pay for all repair, including replacement of parts, and regular maintenance of the Equipment.</span>


Child 200:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 201:
<span style="color:#000000">In addition, Miso will provide top-tier executive level support to Customer for the duration of the Agreement. More specifically, Customer will have always-on access to Miso executive leadership (CEO, CFO, CSO), including in-person support at Customer’s site (not to exceed 1x/quarter) if requested. In the event of Customer’s request for in-person support, the parties will mutually agree upon dates and scheduling details.</span>


Child 202:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 203:
<span style="color:#000000">Miso agrees to provide Customer a credit of [______] for each Product-related incident (not caused by Customer, its personnel or a third party) that requires Customer to supply onsite support. Miso will track and provide reporting to Customer on such incidents and will credit Customer accordingly on a monthly basis.</span>


Child 204:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 205:
<span style="color:#000000">INSTALLATION SITE</span>


Child 206:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 207:
| [ location ] || --- |


Child 208:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 209:
<span style="color:#000000">**IN WITNESS WHEREOF**</span><span style="color:#000000">, the parties have caused this Order Form to be executed by their duly authorized representatives</span>


Child 210:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 211:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 212:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 213:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 214:
<span style="color:#000000">Exhibit B</span>


Child 215:
<span style="color:#000000">** **</span>


Child 216:
<span style="color:#000000">**Service Level Agreement**</span>


Child 217:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 218:
<span style="color:#000000">This Service Level Agreement (“SLA”) describes Miso’s commitment to Product availability.</span>


Child 219:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 220:
<span style="color:#000000">**Definitions**</span>


Child 221:
<span style="color:#000000">** **</span>


Child 222:
<span style="color:#000000">For purposes of this SLA, the following definitions shall apply:</span>


Child 223:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 224:
<span style="color:#000000">“Operating Hours” means the time during which the Product is “clocked-in” for use. Miso utilizes a clock in/clock-out approach to calculate Operating Hours. A clock-in event occurs when Customer’s worker starts the Product via the user interface. Similarly, a clock-out event occurs when Customer’s worker shuts down the Product through the user interface or otherwise. The period between a clock-in event and a clock-out event shall be considered “Clocked Time”. Operating Hours for a particular month consists of the sum of all periods of Clocked Time for that month.</span>


Child 225:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 226:
<span style="color:#000000">“Outage” means a critical full outage/severe issue that constitutes a catastrophic problem that causes complete inability to use the Product, resulting in production downtime and where there is no workaround or solution to the problem.</span>


Child 227:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 228:
<span style="color:#000000">"Excluded" means that period of time during which the Product is unavailable or inoperable due to any of the following: (</span><span style="color:#000000">i</span><span style="color:#000000">) Force Majeure or circumstances beyond Miso’s reasonable control; (ii) Customer's combination of the Product with any hardware or software not supplied by Miso or not identified by Miso in writing as compatible with the Product; (iii) issues in Customer’s environment, network, power supply or infrastructure; (iv) telecommunications or internet service provider failures, or loss of availability due to a network attack such as DDoS, SYN or similar attacks, or issues caused by DNS resolution and/or domain name or certificate expiration; (v) regularly scheduled or emergency maintenance; or (vi) improper use, alteration, or damage of the Product.</span>


Child 229:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 230:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 231:
<span style="color:#000000">**Service Commitment and Remedies**</span>


Child 232:
<span style="color:#000000">** **</span>


Child 233:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 234:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 235:
<span style="color:#000000"> </span>


Child 236:
<span style="color:#000000">The report submitted by Customer must identify (</span><span style="color:#000000">i</span><span style="color:#000000">) the applicable Product and Installation Site, (ii) the dates, times and duration of downtimes, and (iii) any technical support requested or remediation implemented. Before processing any credit request, Miso will validate the information provided in the request to confirm the loss of availability, its timeframe, and corresponding credit.</span>


Child 237:



Child 238:



